{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 What is github?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration. It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What are the terms used in github?\
What is the purpose of github?\
In which areas github is used?\
what is the process of github?\
What are the required things to know before using github?\cf2 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Create a github account.\uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	2.	}Create a new repository\uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	3.	}Create a new xcode project.\uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	4.	}Open the terminal and navigate to the new project path.\uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	5.	}git remote add origin {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/HariPriyankaAkula/SampleExample.git"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://github.com/HariPriyankaAkula/SampleExample.git}}\cf3  (image 2)\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	6.	}git push -u origin master (image 3)\uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	7.	}5 & 6 steps are to add xcode project to the github repository.\uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	8.	}Configure the Project (follow the screenshots 5 & 6 images)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	Source Control -> Configure Projectname.. -> Remotes -> Select the server -> done\
\
9. To checkout the project from the github: Use Source Control -> Checkout\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. Pull : To get the updated code from github i.e., to get the updated code on downloaded or checkout local code. \
Use Source Control -> Pull\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 11. Push : To push the changes made in the code to the github\
Use Source Control -> Push\
\
12. Create a new branch: when downloaded from the github directly.\
Use Source Control -> Current working copy -> New branch\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.appcoda.com/git-source-control-in-xcode/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.appcoda.com/git-source-control-in-xcode/}}\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.raywenderlich.com/51351/how-to-use-git-source-control-with-xcode-in-ios-7"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.raywenderlich.com/51351/how-to-use-git-source-control-with-xcode-in-ios-7}}\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/xcode_guide-continuous_integration/PublishYourCodetoaSourceRepository.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/xcode_guide-continuous_integration/PublishYourCodetoaSourceRepository.html}}\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://help.github.com/articles/github-glossary/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://help.github.com/articles/github-glossary/}}\
\
\
}